Using Razor Components in Razor Pages and MVC projects (#16098)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/hosting-models.md

A component is disposed after the user navigates away from it on the client. While a user is interacting with a component, the component's state (services, resources) must be held in the server's memory. Because the state of many components might be maintained by the server concurrently, memory exhaustion is a concern that must be addressed. For guidance on how to author a Blazor Server app to ensure the best use of server memory, see <xref:security/blazor/server>.

### Integrate Razor components into Razor Pages and MVC apps

#### Use components in pages and views

An existing Razor Pages or MVC app can integrate Razor components into pages and views:

1. In the app's layout file (*_Layout.cshtml*):

>    * Add the following `<base>` tag to the `<head>` elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Add the following `<base>` tag to the `<head>` element:
```

     ```html

>      <base href="~/" />

Reviewer: Your app might not be hosted at the root, right? I believe this needs to match whatever the base address of your app is.

A component is disposed after the user navigates away from it on the client. While a user is interacting with a component, the component's state (services, resources) must be held in the server's memory. Because the state of many components might be maintained by the server concurrently, memory exhaustion is a concern that must be addressed. For guidance on how to author a Blazor Server app to ensure the best use of server memory, see <xref:security/blazor/server>.

### Integrate Razor components into Razor Pages and MVC apps

#### Use components in pages and views

An existing Razor Pages or MVC app can integrate Razor components into pages and views:

1. In the app's layout file (*_Layout.cshtml*):

   * Add the following `<base>` tag to the `<head>` element:

     ```html
     <base href="~/" />
     ```

>      The `href` value (the *app base path*) in the preceding example assumes that the app resides at the root URL path (`/`). For more information on setting the app base path, see <xref:host-and-deploy/blazor/index#app-base-path>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The `href` value (the *app base path*) in the preceding example assumes that the app resides at the root URL path (`/`). If the app is a sub-application, follow the guidance in the *App base path* section of the <xref:host-and-deploy/blazor/index#app-base-path> article.
```

     The *_Layout.cshtml* file is located in the *Pages/Shared* folder in a Razor Pages app or *Views/Shared* folder in an MVC app.

>      If the app is a sub-application, follow the guidance in the *App base path* section of the <xref:host-and-deploy/blazor/index#app-base-path> article.

Reviewer: I suggest moving this above a bit where you're already talking about the base path. See my suggestion above.
